third brother
How is it?
You go their target is me
Let's go!
Didn't you say you listen to me the most?
I'll let you go now
Do you hear me?
Don't leave me
I don't want you anymore.
Did you hear that?
Stop pestering me like a dog
Go away
The fourth prince ran away
Are we going to chase
Leave him alone.
A small role
Even if you run away, you won't live long
On the contrary, this third prince
It can kill me with a broken leg
So many people managed to escape
What a surprise, General
inherit martial arts
Third Prince
Ye Xuan
I hope you don't blame me.
To kill me
You really don't hesitate
Come to this frontier in the future
Shouldn't I be flattered?
No.
You are wrong, this palace will not kill you
only
Your accusation is false
I and Muze's country are unstable
You immortal little beast
This palace is not at ease
What should the empress do?
Condemn me
People with Added Bloodline
How could it be possible to betray the human race
This is more proof that you are trying to win the enemy
How crazy is it?
Even found a way to break the curse
Such a ridiculous statement
Who would believe
As long as you see no one dead and no corpse
They will believe
Besides, all officers and soldiers from Chengguan can testify
Your collusion with the demon clan was exposed
Dry off escape
I want the demon clan to take you in
It's just that you're useless to them
They're just animals who like to eat human flesh
You say
I'll send someone to bring your body back
What will they think of you?
You want the demon clan to eat me